---
title: "3-13"
date: 2023-03-14T18:11:15+00:00
tags: ['Scratch', 'diary']
---
For the Tofel test getting closer each day, anxiety and helplessness is arousing everyday. And that's maybe why I choose to make this diary written by English, a good way to train my English expression and thoughts, as well as the reading of *What I talk about when I talk about running* these days.

I've read this book for about three or four years, dating back to the old days in Anyang No.1 hight School, when I always read Haruki Murakami during the day's break, and, make it as my soul mate or even an un-met deep friend. From all the books he wrote, I sort of reform my charateristcs and traits in thoese days: become unwilling to compete, eagar to pursue my own interest, and even, start to like some gril, and for shy I was, didn't dare to express untill years later, and that relationship ended with a little of disappointment; anyway, that's another story.

Recall to the emotion of the stage, the days I read Chinese version of  *What I talk about when I talk about running*, I was feeling powerful encouragement from bottom of heart. I can still remember I run a few extra rounds in the Running session in arfternoon everyday of the third year of the High school. Running back then game me a way to escape from the boring trainning of tests, and more essentially, that's an important method which is not very simple to run across her by acting occationally. I can still recall thoese "stars" in the grade who have much affairs and which is most important, they are the ready-ers to entrans THU/PKU, watching them running by, thinking about my future enrollment. I didn't really care anyway, but I was still a dreamer, so that I always wonder if I could be one of the most admirable university in China, dreaming to be cool and successful. And now I know whether to be cool or successful is nothing to do which school you go to, but back to then, you can say naive, but you cann't deny I was ambitious and mentally healthy, which are the most valuable mental for me now.
